yet stronger angles news in addition of
a positive album keine the enforced bun
those pink on fun honky tonk woman India
who has the sausage video that's so two
murders in relief on him it reforms in
Johnny Starbuck Johnny Starbuck is a
film on phaaze Hyun guitar veneno roadie
Frankie's Richard once a Santa LA
guitarist wonders Activia to each
application a bank is it in stock oil
before zucchini in permits I had me
Plus who does he corn Afghan geese
geheime is fun honky tonk woman is
honky-tonk it comes to mind immediately
right away because he plays it he uses
macabre which if you notice has five
strings on it and his tunes to an open G
so he can do the intro to honky-tonk
with his left arm hanging it at his side
he doesn't have to make a cork is it's
already in G so you can just go with
these two fingers and it's it's it's
sort of funny to watch because with his
left arm hanging it aside you don't
often see a guitar player
not with his fingers up here somewhere
so it looks kind of funny and a lot of
people wonder how the hell does he do
that it's it's this five string tuning
is interesting because
for many years I've gone to nightclubs
and seen bar bands play Rolling Stone
songs and they will naturally be playing
on a regular guitar with regular
standard six string tuning and they've
almost always gotten it wrong they get
close because they listen to the record
and they try to match what they think
the chords are but when the guitar is
tuned specifically to the song then
that's the only way you can really get
the sound the Keith gets if you try to
mimic it with another guitar you're
close but you don't exactly get them